Core Java Language Lab Assignment 8


1. Define a class named Course having data members ID, Description, Duration and 
Fees. The class should have one parametrized constructors and GetData() function 
member to display the data. 
-Create an array of 5 course objects and then display the data for all of 
them. 


2. Modify program 1 to add a default constructor and a SetData() member 
function. 
-Create an array of 3 student using the default constructor and another 
array of 2 students using the parametrized constructor, and then display the 
data of all 5 course objects. 


3. Write a program to define constructors and finalize of a class and construct 
3 objects and then show that it is not a guarantee that finalizer will be 
invoked for each object. 
4. Write a program to demonstrate the use of final keyword with 
a) class 
b) method 
c) data member(primitive value and reference variable and show that you 
can not refer this reference variable to other objects but can change the data 
field of a final reference variable) 


5. write a program to demonstrate the use of following operators. 
a)right shift with sign bit operator +AD4APg- 
b)left shift operator +ADwAPA- 
c)right shift with zero fill operator +AD4APgA+- 
6. write a program to demonstrate 
a) Labeled break 
b) Labeled continue 
7. Demonstrate the use of +AJE-this+AJI- keyword 
a) To refer to current object. 
b) Inside a constructor to call another constructor. 
And also show that this can not be used in static context area. 


8. Demonstrate the use of +AJE-super+AJI- keyword. 
a) To refer to a member of super class. 
b) To call super class constructor from sub class constructor. 
9. Write a program to make a request to invoke garbage collector 
10. Write a program to demonstrate the use of nested class and its objects when 
nested class is a 
a) private member of the outer class 
b) public member of the outer class. 





-----------------------------------E N D ---------------------------------



